# UNS-CV Rio Grande // 7.13.5016u

Pilots, as you should be aware from the couries flowing into Saber, LSA reinforcements are beginning to arrive and are massing just outside the city in preparation for a push to take and secure the citys central district from the sovereignty forces. Once the district is back under their control, locating Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee should quickly follow.

However, you aren't going to be involved in that operation. Your objective will be to destroy the jamming systems blanketing the city in static. We don't need to stress how crucial this is to the success of the operation; as long as the jamming reamins in place, the LSA's push on the city center will be annihilated. 

Based on intel our squads on the ground have gathered, it seems the Sovereignty has deployed a network of jamming transmitters all across the city. Several have been destroyed in the fighting but not enough to bring the network down. In order to eliminate the jamming, we're going to have to destroy all of the transmitters. Fortunately, Rio has assembled a viral code-spike package that should disable the entire network from a single transmission point.

You'll need to find a transmitter and upload the program. However, this will require close proximity to establish a clean link; you will need to secure a transmitter long enough for the program to upload itself into the network. Local LSA forces believe a jamming transmitter is within striking distance of FOB Saber, but their intel also suggests Sovereignty forces are heavily renforcing the area, including airbone units patrolling nearby.

Good luck pilots, this operation is counting on your success. 